The problem statement is you will be given an array
where all numbers occur even number of times except one number
which occurs odd number of times
So you need to find the odd occurring number in it.
That is the number that occurs
odd number of times in the array. For example given an
array of positive integers
1 3 5 1 3. Here one occurs two times three also occurs twice
but five occurs once only.
So here the odd occurring element is five.
So your task is to write the logic for this
odd occurring number problem and submit it using the below compiler
See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is 1 3 5 1 3, expected output is five
If the input is 5 7 2 7 5, the expected output is two.